=head1 NAME

dg-coshell - Stack of tasks CORBA client shell

=head1 SYNOPSIS

dg-coshell [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The stack of tasks can work in two different ways. It can be launched
as an interactive process (mainly for simulation purpose) through
dg-shell or it can be a part of a larger control framework. In that
case, the process is rarely interactive. In the latter case,
dg-coshell can be used to open a remote shell.

CORBA connects to a service in two steps. First, it searches for a
name service aware of the location of a coshell CORBA service. By
default, it connects to the InitRef defined by the omniORB
configuration file. To override this behavior, one can use set a
hostname and/or a port to connect to. If a host name is set but no
port has been specified, it will use the default port (2809).  The
name and kind of the coshell service can also be overriden to support
non-standard naming scheme. It can be useful, for instance, if two
stack of stacks instances have to run simultaneously on the same host.
Once this information are retrieved, the second step is to connect to
the coshell service and start the data exchange.

Please, see the stack of tasks and omniORB documentation for more
information.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-c> I<name>, B<--sot-service-name> I<name>
	CORBA service name (`coshell' by default)

B<-k> I<kind>, B<--sot-service-kind> I<kind>
	CORBA servive kind (`servant' by default)

B<-r> I<host>, B<--name-service-host> I<host>
        hostname used to connect to the CORBA name service

B<-p> I<port>, B<--name-service-port> I<port>
        port used to connect to the CORBA name service

B<-h>, B<--help>
	produce help message


=head1 EXAMPLES

If omniORB is properly configured, no options are required:

          dg-coshell


However, the lack of history and I/O control can be annoying, rlwrap
can be used to work around dg-coshell's limitations:

          rlwrap dg-coshell


=head1 AUTHORS

This software has been developed at CNRS/AIST and LAAS-CNRS laboratories.
See </usr/share/doc/dg-middleware/AUTHORS> to see the list of all contributors.

=head1 SEE ALSO

See also <http://github.com/jrl-umi3218> for additional resources.
